as an entrepreneur with families kids a
marriage is it possible to have it all
and have successful relationships in
this episode of build your tribe I'm
going to share with you my real talk
about the struggles the challenges and
the things that nobody tells you about
entrepreneurship and your relationships
your children your kids raising a family
taking care of an elderly parent how do
these things impact entrepreneurship
what type of mentors should you be
looking at what do you need to know in
order to make decisions when great
opportunities come your way all of that
and more today on build your tribe
foreign
[Music]
hey before this episode starts I have a
favor to ask of you Brock and I would
love to bring to you some incredible
guests and the only way we can do that
is by building the awareness for the
show so if you could just do me a really
quick favor do us a quick favor and
double check and make sure you're
subscribed we find that many people who
listen to the show or watch it on
YouTube are listening but they forgot to
subscribe and you you subscribing to
this channel is what matters the most
it's what when we're talking to guests
they want to know how many subscribers
we have yes of course they want to know
what kind of likes and views we get on
the videos or what kind of downloads we
get for the podcast but more than
anything it's how many subscribers so if
this episode or a past episode has
helped you in any way I'm asking a favor
that you just take a moment to click the
Subscribe button and of course hit the
notification Bell so that you know when
we release our next episode thanks for
being here so this is the stuff most
entrepreneurs don't talk about and I
think it's really important to address
because maybe you're considering being a
parent or maybe you are a parent and I
think it's really important that people
like myself talk more openly about this
because the first thing you have to
recognize is that most top Business
Leaders either are have been divorced
multiple times or don't have children or
if they have children listen this is
going to be controversial for me to say
they don't have a great relationship
with them and this really hit home
several years ago and I watched a
documentary by I forget his name but the
son of Deepak Chopra he created a
documentary kind of delving into the
huge Global impact that his father had
and bringing people spiritual awareness
and peace and tranquility and and the
profound impact that he's had on the
world while at the same time how he
struggled on a personal basis with the
relationships with his own kids
and the impact they had on them but I
think this like the first time this like
really hit home for me was when uh my
husband and I were looking to find an
agent to represent us for the you know
the the fitness program that we created
called turbo kick and we were trying to
find an agent who would represent us who
had experience negotiating with
infomercial companies and the the
gentleman who we found his name was Ben
Gage and he was amazing he was an agent
attorney and what's really remarkable
about his story is his mother was Esther
Williams who was this incredibly she
became a famous movie star she was
originally a competitive swimmer and I
don't know I think maybe she won maybe
some Olympics I don't know her full
story but I do know that she became one
of the most prolific Beauties and
considered one of the first female
fitness influencers right because she
was an athlete and she Rose to this
incredible stardom and him when we met
with him right we told him what it was
we wanted to do and how we wanted to
negotiate with these infomercial
companies he had a lot of experience in
negotiating with infomercial companies
uh with lots of stars but more
importantly he had experience being the
child of someone who was famous the
child of someone who was basically
married to their career and spent a lot
of their adult life meaning his mother
catering to fans catering to her
business growing her career growing her
profession and when we met with Ben Gage
and asked him to represent us the most
profound experience I had was when he
looked at both of us and said I will
represent your best interest until such
time or if ever
your children were less important than
your career because then I'm stepping
out because I I know what that feels
like as a child of a very famous actress
and that really stayed with me now we
spent a lot of time with him like on the
road going back and forth to negotiate
deals appearances and I got to ask him a
lot about what life was like as the son
of Esther Williams and I don't know if
it's appropriate for me to tell his
story I know that he was always very
careful not to share anything that might
hurt a family member but so I'll just
say this I took a lot of heartfelt
knowledge away from those conversations
I know he expressed to us how that life
made him feel and it had a very profound
effect on the way that we approached
business and the way that we treated our
kids so I think it's important that you
recognize that there aren't very many
Business Leaders out there who
you know much about their personal life
or their relationship with their kids
but I would tell you you might want to
dig deeper because when we find someone
who's a business mentor to us we start
doing the things that they've done right
like success leaves Clues so I'm going
to do the things that they're doing and
they're speaking on all these stages and
they're they're pouring out more content
and they're you know hustling and
grinding and doing it's like you can
rest later and you look at some of the
people who like today on YouTube I was
watching and no offense like it's just
it's just a different mindset it's a
different state of being to to go after
things when you don't have children that
you're responsible for it's just
different you know I was watching um I
can't even think of some of the names of
the people as well actually like Tom
bill you and his wife and and they don't
have children and and a few of the other
leading business experts who
maybe some of them do have kids but
they've also been divorced multiple
times and I I'm just judging from
someone who does have kids it's hard to
imagine how they are able to spend any
time with them of significance based on
how much they're doing
now I'm not saying one way is right or
wrong but I am telling you as a parent
who's also an entrepreneur you have to
make a decision what you want to turn
out the best is it more important to you
to have your career and your business
succeed
or is it more important for you to see
your children succeed and I know what
you're thinking well can I have both
sure but you have to make a decision in
my opinion we had to make a decision on
what matters most because there's going
to come a time when push comes to shove
where you have to make a decision do I
say yes to this and therefore no to this
because anytime you're saying yes to
some to one of these elements either
business or family you're saying no to
the other one and you you have to ask
yourself what price am I willing to make
one or the other pay and again I'm not
here to tell you what's right or wrong
but for us as parents we knew we would
have the rest of our lives
after they were up and gone especially
you know like after the through the teen
years like you I want to say Damage Done
Foundation built so we knew like once
they're teenagers
um that's you know up until the time
that their teenagers like we they need
to be number one so that means we've got
to figure out like how do we balance
things
how do we decide what things we're going
to say no to and what things we're going
to say yes to and we did so by
collectively myself and my husband
creating a priority Clarity statement
where we clearly defined what it was for
us that meant we were prioritizing our
kids how we had to make decisions how we
were to schedule our time what things we
were going to say no to and then also
how we would measure the success of how
we were parenting it's interesting how
in business you know people will say
like oh you've got to set a financial
goal or like how do you determine how
successful you're going to be or what
your goals are if you don't put measure
to them and I think that's really
important but how do you do that when
you're setting a goal to have healthy
confident
well-balanced children how do you
measure that
and it might seem like it's really an
intangible but for us what we were
always looking at is like our are our
kids behaving in such a way that is
consistent with being emotionally stable
did they seem secure
are they happy
are they struggling in school are they
struggling emotionally are you know
because if if they're struggling then
what's more important to us the business
is struggling or the kids are struggling
like we've we had to always decide
between the two of us like when when it
came to one of the other kids were going
to come first and that meant turning
down a lot of opportunities a lot of
opportunities that would have helped us
financially which would have helped us
like in terms of notoriety which
sometimes pertain to Ego we had to say
no to networking opportunities and to
events and things that you know all our
friends were doing and other people in
the space were doing
and and so I I guess what I'm trying to
say is if your family if you if you want
to have kids and also be an entrepreneur
that's awesome
but just be careful
about who it is you're looking at in
terms of how they're living their life
and that you're not comparing yourself
to them if you don't want your kids your
family to turn out like that real talk
you know like again I'm gonna speak
honestly
um I was a really really big fan of of
uh Tony Robbins and I still think his
message is amazing
but also if I tried to copy the way he
built his businesses and the things that
he did it would have a different outcome
on my marriage and my children
than what I want for myself so I wasn't
willing to sacrifice those things I'm
going to say those things meaning like
family uh versus what I wanted for my
business so you have to figure out like
okay what pieces of this Mentor do can I
use can I take from but never to make
yourself an exact copy of anyone
unless you want your life to be an exact
copy of theirs and unless it is like
it's just not even possible you have to
have your own
you have to have your own legacy you
have to have your own principles in
place your own values and you have to
look at what what makes you happy
what what's important to you what they
never tell you is that if you are going
to prioritize your family then your
growth
and the speed at which you're expanding
your business is going to be slower
than someone who doesn't have kids
what they don't tell you is that you
will forget you will forget that when
you're looking at social media when
you're watching YouTube videos when
you're listening to podcasts you will
forget that the person who you're
listening to does not have children at
home or if they do their priorities
might be different and that's not
something we publicize that's not
something people start a podcast with
it's not something they start a YouTube
with so it's just human nature that
you're going to see someone you're going
to see what they're doing and you're
going to feel like you're not doing
enough or you're not you haven't grown
fast enough that you're supposed to be
doing more and I just want to remind you
to look at the whole person look at the
whole package and ask yourself if you're
doing the right thing according to your
values and your priorities it also means
that you've got to really take into
account seasons
and you're gonna have far more seasons
than the average if than an entrepreneur
doesn't have kids okay because if you
have kids there's oh my gosh every time
your kids are going through something
that's a whole season and you probably
have to put things on pause again if
your family's mental emotional
safety healthiness mental health is a
priority to you then then you're going
to have to slow down in business during
that season
and and so business kind of feels a
little bit more like this
I know today that I would be like if I
didn't have kids I shouldn't say that if
kids weren't my priority uh I would
probably have more notoriety I would
have a bigger business
but I wouldn't be as happy as I am
I wouldn't feel as accomplished as I do
for having raised children who are
confident and self-sufficient and happy
and felt loved and knew that they were a
priority and that was by choice what
they won't tell you is that sometimes
those choices are going to EU us inside
like you're you're going to feel like
you're not enough because you've made a
choice that is going to make you play
smaller and you have to play smaller
because you need more energy to give to
your family or to your children or or
even to your marriage I think there are
also a lot of entrepreneurs who
growth is all that matters and they
forget
that at the end of the day like why are
you doing this you're hopefully you're
doing this because you want to be
happier
right you can say you want to serve more
people but then I can ask well why do
you want to serve more people because
you want to be happier
and why do you want to be happier
because that's what we all want right
why do you want to make more money well
because then I'll be able to help more
people why do you want to help more
people
because it makes me feel good like
everything we do it all boils down to
happiness
and when you really look at the days
weeks months years when you're the
happiest it's because of people it's
because of your relationships it has
nothing to do with how much money you
have or who knows you or how many
followers you have none of that none of
that really truly brings people
happiness what brings people happiness
is our relationships and in order to
have your relationships bring you
happiness they've got to be solid and
for something to be solid you got to
pour into it you got to put time into it
you got to put effort into it you got to
care about it and you can't care about
it by saying well I just want to this is
my opinion popular or not you can't say
well I'm I want to provide for my
children the things that I didn't have
your kids don't want things they want
you they don't care where you live they
don't care what car you drive they don't
care what school you can pay for they
want you
and so when you are struggling and
thinking to yourself
man I'm not doing as much as so and so
ask yourself if you are doing enough in
the areas that matter to you
and again I'm not here to like judge
anyone who's decided to do things
differently but I think you need to make
a decision and not just roll with the
punches not just let entrepreneurship
take over because it's a drug
and it's very easy speaking from
experience to get addicted to that drug
and to let it take over and you then you
can justify it you can justify it in
your head and say well you know I'm
I'm becoming a role model for them or
I'm I'm doing things in such a way that
they later will be able to see how I'm
able to provide for them but I don't
know if that's really being honest with
yourself personally I think that it
takes a much stronger
more confident
more centered entrepreneur to balance
family and Entrepreneurship I also
believe that while your kids are young
it's just a moment it's a blip it's it's
a snap it went by so fast I can't
believe my kids are grown
and I don't regret the only thing I do
regret
is working too much
and I think we were really balanced and
I I still believe we could have been far
more balanced
what they don't tell you and I'm going
to share with you is this one of the
best ways for you to do this is to
delegate but not necessarily well yes of
course in your business but more
importantly delegate things that you're
doing at home that don't impact your
ability to be a great parent so for
example but yet you might think that
they do so for example
um having hiring someone to do the
laundry
like
just knowing that my kids had clean
clothes they're folded and put away they
didn't care who did it
right but when they were little
that weighed so heavily on my brain like
just doing and having the house spotless
before I could dig into work
so there was a time at which you know
Brett and I were deeply in debt you've
probably heard the story before over 475
thousand dollars in debt
and we are in no position to hire anyone
for our business we thought let alone
somebody to help me with housework but
there was this period where I just was
struggling and struggling to like get my
mojo and to to get into work each day
and the kids were really young at this
point and Brett said well let's just
hire somebody minimum wage you know
three days a week to just come in here
and do the laundry
we call it the Inez factor and so we
hired this gal and I to this day I don't
even know what she looks like because
she was like like Tasmanian Devil she
was moved that fast like just a
whirlwind of energy and she would come
in while her her kids were at school and
that while she was doing the laundry my
kids were at school this way I could
work while my kids were at school versus
doing the laundry while my kids were at
school and she would do the laundry and
we would just hire her for three hours
three days a week and but while she was
doing the laundry while the loads were
washing or drying she had nothing to do
so she would clean so now you know here
we were just again paying someone for
nine hours a week and that nine hours
gave me
so much Clarity and so much uh relief
and it also made me feel like I was
being a better parent because then the
laundry was done the groceries were put
away the house was clean
and I was able to truly Focus intently
on what I needed to do because blocking
your schedule when you are a parent and
an entrepreneur is essential
you know if you try to do a little bit
here and a little bit there you're going
to feel like you're working morning till
night
and basically you will unless you learn
to block out the times when you can
really focus and those hours for me were
when my kids were at school but in again
not until we hired help was I able to
really really truly do that and it made
a huge it was almost like this
accountability
so don't be afraid to hire someone to
help you do those things or or even to
hire someone to come and pick the dog
poop up like you might think like oh
gosh I can't afford to do that yeah but
what is your hourly rate worth like when
you're just focused on doing the thing
that you do what what is your earning
power 100 an hour a thousand dollars an
hour you know two thousand dollars an
hour and if you're picking up the dog
poop then it's it's as if you're paying
somebody two thousand dollars an hour to
pick up dog poop like think of it that
way don't be afraid to Outsource of
things and it's not a good enough reason
to say well I enjoy doing it or what but
it's not that big of a deal it doesn't
take me that long but they all add up
like organizing the garage and getting
the laundry done and running errands and
even going to the grocery store like
using services like instacart or
Taskmaster Taskmaster taskrabbit these
things can save you so much time but
more importantly I think more
importantly they free you up and they
make you be accountable to your business
so that the extra hours you have can be
spent just being with your kids not
being on your phone
not having an agenda not posting it to
social media but like giving them your
true undivided attention
and it's hard it's a skill it's a skill
we have to develop if we want to be
entrepreneurs who are also very
intentional parents and that's not going
to be easy because the successful people
a lot of the successful people you're
going to see around you either don't
have kids or they're single or it's just
not important to them or maybe their
kids are struggling in or their marriage
is struggling you just don't know it
there's just no way for you to know that
but if you look at the people who are
really focused on putting their kids
first you'll see
you'll see later like once our kids are
over 18 that's everyone's kids seem
happy everyone's kids seem
um well balanced and uh what's the word
people always say
um resilient right and then until
they're like in their 30s and then then
you see them really struggling or
sometimes you know in their teens they
start to struggle in other areas and you
know you can do all the things right and
still your kids could struggle so I
don't want to say that it's all
parenting but like we're we are we make
a very big impact on them and that's
something we can affect we can't affect
their biology right like it is what it
is but if there's anything you can do
and it's important to you I recommend
that you do that and it is going to take
safeguards and it's going to take you
prioritizing it and having the right
kind of uh mentors in place for you
I want to give a shout out to Pat Flynn
I think Pat Flynn is one of those people
who's really
um really doing it right there's so many
but right now like that's one person who
comes to mind and I really admire the
way that he puts his family first
um I want to give a shout out to Sean
Cannell I think he's also another one
who does a great job
um uh Diane black I want to give a shout
out to Diane black another person she's
the creator of the doodle Academy these
are people who in in my life I really
admire their relationship with their
children and their spouse
um early on for me it was Brian Tracy uh
the way he honored his wife really just
blew me away and it's why he was one of
my very first and most prominent mentors
but I will say and as much as I love and
adore him uh I don't know how I don't
know much about how involved he was with
his kids I really don't you know I've
heard stories from his kids but he I
know he traveled a lot lot and that's
hard to be present and uh also to pour
into your kids but again you know I
don't know the details but I I do know
how he treated his wife and how
strong their relationship was and
and uh that really meant a lot to see
that
so choose your mentors wisely and I
would love to know from you who is it
that you look to because of the way they
are with their spouse and their children
what is it you want to have
experience as an entrepreneur with
children or you know with a family that
you're trying to take care of because
sometimes family is extended family
sometimes that means caring for an
elderly parent and that is a whole other
season tell me who it is drop some
comments Below in the video that you'll
see up on YouTube or if you don't mind
I'd love for you to leave a review for
the show leave a review for the podcast
and in your review let us know who some
of the mentors are who you really watch
because of the way they've been able to
balance family and growing their
business hey it's not easy none of this
is easy it's much harder than anyone
tells you it's going to be this is
something that is rarely talked about
and there there's so many more
heartaches but I'll tell you what if you
get your priorities in straight
if you get your priorities in order and
and you stick to them you will not
regret making the decisions that honor
your priorities you won't but you got to
put them in writing otherwise every
opportunity that comes along feels like
it's the last one or the next greatest
and it's just not true I mean our kids
are now grown both of them got married
this year which is amazing to see both
of your kids like happy and with
Partners who you know are going to bring
out the best in them and just knowing we
did right like nothing else matters like
I nothing else that we've done
even compares
to raising confident happy
self-sufficient kind super cool kids
who've got great relationships with so
listen just do your best that's all you
can ask for and and thanks for being
here thanks for subscribing
[Music]